Add an option to disable reduced precision reductions for FP16 GEMM (#67946)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/notes/numerical_accuracy.rst

``torch.backends.cuda.matmul.allow_tf32 = False``

For more information see :ref:`TensorFloat32<tf32_on_ampere>`

Reduced Precision Reduction for FP16 GEMMs
------------------------------------------

> Half-precision GEMM operations are typically done with intermediate accumulations (reduction) in single-precision for numerical accuracy and improved resilience to overflow. For performance, certain GPU architectures, especially more recent ones, enable reductions in reduced precision (e.g., half-precision). This change is often benign from the perspective of model convergence, though it may lead to unexpected results (e.g., ``inf`` values when the final result should be be representable in half-precision).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Half-precision GEMM operations are typically done with intermediate accumulations (reduction) in single-precision for numerical accuracy and improved resilience to overflow. For performance, certain GPU architectures, especially more recent ones, allow a few truncations of the intermediate accumulation results to the reduced precision (e.g., half-precision). This change is often benign from the perspective of model convergence, though it may lead to unexpected results (e.g., ``inf`` values when the final result should be be representable in half-precision).
```
